feat(react-scheduler): allow appointment resizing (#1932)
DevExpress/devextreme-reactive: packages/dx-react-scheduler/docs/reference/appointments.md

-----|------|---------|------------
appointmentComponent | ComponentType&lt;[Appointments.AppointmentProps](#appointmentsappointmentprops)&gt; | | A component that renders an appointment.
appointmentContentComponent | ComponentType&lt;[Appointments.AppointmentContentProps](#appointmentsappointmentcontentprops)&gt; | | A component that renders the appointment content.

> splitIndicatorComponent | ComponentType&lt;[Appointments.SplitIndicatorProps](#appointmentssplitindicatorprops)&gt; | | A component that renders an element indicating that the appointment is split by the timetable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
splitIndicatorComponent | ComponentType&lt;[Appointments.SplitIndicatorProps](#appointmentssplitindicatorprops)&gt; | | A component that renders an element that indicates the timetable split the appointment.
```

children | ReactNode | A React node used to render the appointment content.
data | object | An object that represents appointment data.

### Appointments.SplitIndicatorProps

> Properties passed to a component that renders an element indicating that the appointment is split by the timetable.

Reviewer: Same here

Field | Type | Description
------|------|------------

> position | 'top' &#124; 'bottom' | Specifies where appointment is sliced.

Reviewer 2: What about all-day/month appts? They are sliced by right/left side. Can we use 'start' and 'end' values, or something like this.

Author: Renamed to `start/end`

appointmentType | 'vertical' &#124; 'horizontal' | Specifies an appointment type.

### Appointments.ContainerProps

Properties passed to a component that renders a container for appointment.

Field | Type | Description
------|------|------------
style | object | An object that configures the appointment geometry and position.

## Plugin Components

Name | Properties | Description
-----|------------|------------
Appointments.Appointment | [Appointments.AppointmentProps](#appointmentsappointmentprops) | A component that renders an appointment.
Appointments.AppointmentContent | [Appointments.AppointmentContentProps](#appointmentsappointmentcontentprops) | A component that renders the appointment content.

> Appointments.Slice | [Appointments.SliceProps](#appointmentssliceprops) | A component that rendered if appointment is sliced by time table.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Appointments.Slice | [Appointments.SliceProps](#appointmentssliceprops) | A component that renders an element indicating that the appointment is split by the timetable.
```

> Appointments.Container | [Appointments.ContainerProps](#appointmentscontainerprops) | A component that renders a container for appointment.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Appointments.Container | [Appointments.ContainerProps](#appointmentscontainerprops) | A component that renders a container for the appointment.
```
